# Incident Response Plan and Review---IBM-Clicked
Incident Response Plan and Review--IBM-Clicked
In this Mini Sprint, you'll step into the shoes of a Cyber Security professional responsible for handling and mitigating threats based on the NIST Incident Response Process Framework. When a critical incident alert is flagged, it's your job to methodically and efficiently work through each stage of the framework. The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) has set forth guidelines that are globally recognized for their effectiveness in managing and mitigating cybersecurity incidents. During this sprint, not only will you familiarize yourself with the nuances of each stage but you'll also be tasked with presenting a comprehensive post-incident review to key stakeholders, ensuring they are informed, reassured, and aware of any necessary next steps.

A Mini Sprint offers a dynamic and collaborative learning journey, where participants engage in real-world business challenges within teams or accountability groups, guided by Clicked Coaches. This experience enables participants to produce tangible deliverables contributing to a comprehensive solution or recommendation, honing professional skills and gaining practical experience. 

The sprint culminates in the creation of portfolio-worthy documents and practice builds, enhanced by the rich experience of working in diverse teams. Participants will not only advance their career journeys but also earn a Clicked Certificate of Completion to showcase their achievements and newly acquired project-based experiences to potential employers.
The pre-work will be made available to you as soon as you are accepted into the experience. You’ll be added to your teams approximately 1 week before kickoff. We highly suggest collaborating with your team before kickoff, to align your schedules and begin the pre-work (collaborate with your group/team if you are able)! 

Scenario - Maven Clinic - Unusual Activity
You've been hired to come in as a security analyst on a team working for Maven Clinic. Maven Clinic, a file transfer platform, recently flagged some unusual network activity that has raised alarms. The senior management is taking this incident very seriously, given the medical data contained on the network. As a security analyst for Maven Clinic, your task is to identify the nature of this alert, its potential impact, suggest mitigation strategies, and compile a review. You will be working closely with Gemma Chan, CTO to complete this project.
